add initial copilot instructions (#3010)
guardian/support-service-lambdas: .github/copilot-instructions.md

Each lambda is either scala or typescript, but new lambdas are typescript.

## All code
Use camelCase file names
Prefer pure functions to reduce the need for mocking in unit tests - load config and create services and pass them in
When adding comments that explain generated code, prefix with "TODO:delete comment -"
When generating documentation e.g. README.md, include a brief overview, how to test, and references to external documentation.
Avoid adding new dependencies on external libraries.
PR descriptions must include links to previous relevant PRs, and any chat discussions and google docs.  Information from other sources should not be duplicated.

### Config
Only load secret and private information from config e.g. usernames, passwords
Non private environment specific information e.g. base urls, endpoints, ids, must be looked up based on a function parameter `stage: string`

## Typescript
Use modules/aws/src/appConfig.ts to load config from SSM
Use zod to parse all JSON input, e.g. input data, or input from external APIs

### REST clients
To create a REST client, follow the existing pattern in modules/zuora/src/zuoraClient.ts 

> have a static create method that takes the a sutable config object and stage as a parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have a static create method that takes a suitable config object and stage as a parameter
```
